docs: fix mistakes and typos; improve readability with the help of AI tools (#50)
goravel/docs: architecutre-concepts/service-providers.md

## Introduction

> The most important thing in the kernel boot operation is to load the `Service Providers`. All `Service Providers` under the application are configured in the `providers` array in  `config/app.go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important thing in the kernel boot operation is to load the `ServiceProvider`. All `ServiceProvider` under the application are configured in the `providers` array in  `config/app.go`.
```

First, the kernel will call the `Register` method of all service providers. After all service providers have been registered, the kernel will call the `Boot` method of all `Service Providers` again.

> The `Service Providers` are the key in the life cycle of Goravel. They enable the framework to contain various components, such as routing, database, queue, cache, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ServiceProvider` are the key in the life cycle of Goravel. They enable the framework to contain various components, such as routing, database, queue, cache, etc.
```
